# Change Log

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file
automatically by Versionist. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE MANUALLY!
This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## v2.6.3 - 2017-08-28

* Add empty .npmignore to avoid js files being ignored #29 [Pablo Carranza Velez]

## v2.6.2 - 2017-08-16

* Avoid calling the docker API to check if the dockerToolbelt option is valid #27 [Pablo Carranza Velez]

## v2.6.1 - 2017-07-17

* Remove the .js files from the git repository [Pablo Carranza Velez]

## v2.6.0 - 2017-07-14

* Allow passing a dockerToolbelt object in the options, and update docker-toolbelt to 3.0.1 [Pablo Carranza Velez]

## v2.5.1 - 2017-07-14

* Adapt the changelog to the versionist format [Pablo Carranza Velez]

## v2.5.0 - 2017-03-24

* Forward options object to docker pull

## v2.4.4

* Improved parsing Docker client version anticipating version-scheme changes in Docker

## v2.4.3

* Fixed getting registry version

## v2.4.2

* Restore public-facing APIs that were incorrectly removed in v2.4.0

## v2.4.1

* Fix packaging to include new Coffee files

## v2.4.0

* Deprecated support for Docker<1.10
* Added support for pulling from and pushing to registry v2

## v2.3.3

* Fixed downloading the entire layer to get the size

## v2.3.2

* Updated to docker-toolbelt 1.3.1

## v2.3.1

* Fix use of `_.sum` for lodash 4
* Do not export getRegistryAndName and use docker-toolbelt instead

## v2.3.0

* Updated to bluebird 3
* Updated to lodash v4
* Updated to coffee-script 1.11

## v2.2.0

* Support pulling from registry v2
* Correctly handle progress during concurrent push.
* Added linting.

## v2.1.0

* Correctly handle progress during concurrent pulls.

## v2.0.1

* Use 443 as the default registry port.

## v2.0.0

* Add toString() to Registry class and export getRegistryAndName().
* Changed pull/push to fall back to calling onProgress without `downloadedSize`, `totalSize`, and `percentage` in the case where fetching size info fails, rather than failing with an error.
* Fix a race condition where early layers could complete before we had completed fetching all the layer sizes, meaning it would not be accounted for in `downloadedSize` and `percentage`.

## v1.1.2

* Capped reported percentage at 100.

## v1.1.1

* Fix registry references in errors.

## v1.1.0

* Added support for listing total progress of a docker push.

## v1.0.0

* Added support for listing total progress of a docker pull.
